It does give you the chance to see, I suppose, more of the background to Wales and what Wales
is about, but so do some of the English language programmes that are made in Wales, I think,
too. I mean, programmes just like Doctor Who, you know, it's very interesting for people
to think, oh, Ascardiff, I've been there, I've seen that, you know. I think it makes
people feel that you're really part of the modern world, you know. The thing about Welshness
is you're proud of it, well, I am anyway, but you're still part of the world and I
think you have to accept that you're part of the greater thing. Because I, you know,
the referendum, the, what do you call it, census came around recently, what do you
feel, you know, when you take these things and do you feel Welsh, do you feel British?
Yes, I take both because I do, because Wales is not divorced from Britain and it can never
be divorced from Britain because it's attached to Britain as an island, whether
the Doggers will be as a political identity, I don't know, but at the moment it is, so
yes, I feel both. And I think that's why things like the coronation and those, people
can feel both and it doesn't bother them.